README: add run_container.sh (#78)
pulp/squeezer: README.md

To run the tests, you can either call `make test`, or `make test_<playbook_name>` to only run a specific one.
To perform codestyle linting and ansible sanity checks, run `make lint sanity`.

To (re-)record tests or run live tests, you first need to setup a pulp
instance, with it's connection details configured in
`tests/playbooks/vars/server.yaml`. The `tests/run_container.sh` script is
provided and allows you to run a command with a [Pulp in
one](https://pulpproject.org/pulp-in-one-container/) container active. It

> requires Docker or Podman to be installed. For example:

Reviewer: I think you should mention, that you still need to have the `server.yaml` point in the right direction (especially, if this method is described, after the user tried to fiddle around with it for a vm). Would you mind replacing the dead reference to pulplift with mentioning the vagrant boxes in pulp_installer?

Also in this repo I prefer the on sentence per line docs.

Author: I've split out a new subheading for testing against a pulp in one container. Could you provide something similar for testing against a VM given you are familiar with it?

To run the tests, you can either call `make test`, or `make test_<playbook_name>` to only run a specific one.
To perform codestyle linting and ansible sanity checks, run `make lint sanity`.

> To (re-)record tests or run live tests, you first need to setup a pulp instance, with it's connection details configured in `tests/playbooks/vars/server.yaml`.

Reviewer: My idea here is to provide a section for each method. Maybe start with this:

```suggestion
To (re-)record tests or run live tests, you need a running pulp instance.
Two common ways to provide that development server are explained below.

!!! Warning
    Do not use a production instance, as the tests might perform destructive actions.

### Recording tests against a Pulplift Vagrant environment

A full vm installation of pulp can easily be achieved by using [pulplift](https://github.com/pulp/pulp_installer/blob/master/docs/pulplift.md).
It is recommended to use one of the sandbox installations.
When the vm is up, you need to configure its connection details in `tests/playbooks/vars/server.yaml`.
Squeezer tests can now be run with:

+```
make livetest
+```

The fixtures for the `file_remote` test can be recorded with:

+```
make record_file_remote
+```
```

### Running tests against a Pulp in one container

The `tests/run_container.sh` script is provided and allows you to run a command with a [Pulp in one](https://pulpproject.org/pulp-in-one-container/) container active.
It requires Docker or Podman to be installed.
The default credentials in `tests/playbooks/vars/server.yaml` are sufficient.
For example, to run all tests against the live Pulp instance:

```
./tests/run_container.sh make livetest
```

Or to record test fixtures for the `rpm_repository` test:

```
./tests/run_container.sh make record_rpm_repository

> ```

Reviewer: We can add a note here, that the container will not survive the command, but you can provide the `KEEP_CONTAINER` environment variable.
Also by providing `IMAGE_TAG=3.11` you can run against an older version of pulp.

To run the tests, you can either call `make test`, or `make test_<playbook_name>` to only run a specific one.
To perform codestyle linting and ansible sanity checks, run `make lint sanity`.

To (re-)record tests or run live tests, you need a running pulp instance.
Two common ways to provide that development server are explained below.

!!! Warning
    Do not use a production instance, as the tests might perform destructive actions.

### Recording tests against a Pulplift Vagrant environment

A full vm installation of pulp can easily be achieved by using [pulplift](https://github.com/pulp/pulp_installer/blob/master/docs/pulplift.md).
It is recommended to use one of the sandbox installations.
When the vm is up, you need to configure its connection details in `tests/playbooks/vars/server.yaml`.

> Squeezer tests can now be run with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to run all tests live against this vm:
```
